Defined APV values for ECDH-ES (#628)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

Note: For encryption, implementers have a variety of options available through JOSE, including the use of Hybrid Public Key Encryption (HPKE) as detailed in [@I-D.ietf-jose-hpke-encrypt]. 

### ECDH-ES APU/APV Values
When performing Reponse Encryption where the `alg` is ECDH-ES the `apv` MUST be set by the Wallet and validated by the Verifier. The value to set is is the base64url encodig of the sha-256 hash of the bytes of several fields concatanated. The fields to be concatanated is based on the response mode:

  - When response mode is `direct_post.jwt` the clientId, nonce, jwkThumbprint and responseUri

>   - When response mode is `dc_api.jwt` the origin, nonce and jwkThumbprint

Reviewer: Per https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7638.html#section-3, the JWK Thumbprint is the hash of the bytes of a canonical representation of the JWK.  When SHA-256 is the hash function, this is 32 bytes of binary data.  Is that what you intend to include in the concatenation?  Or do you intend to include the base64url-encoding of the JWK Thumbprint in the concatenation?

>   - When response mode is `direct_post.jwt` the clientId, nonce, jwkThumbprint and responseUri
>   - When response mode is `dc_api.jwt` the origin, nonce and jwkThumbprint

Reviewer 2: I think something like this would help?
```suggestion
  - When response mode is `direct_post.jwt` the `client_id`, `nonce`, `jwkThumbprint` and `responseUri`
  - When response mode is `dc_api.jwt` the `origin`, `nonce` and `jwkThumbprint`
  
  where 
  
  - `client_id` is the `client_id` request parameter
  - `nonce` is the `nonce` request parameter
  - `jwkThumbprint` is the base64url encoded JWK SHA-256 Thumbprint as defined in [@!RFC7638]
  - `responseUri` is either the `redirect_uri` or the `response_uri` request parameter,
  - `origin` is the string representing the Origin of the request as described in (#dc_api). MUST NOT be prefixed with `origin:`
```

Reviewer 3: And then add "of the Verifier's public key used to encrypt the response." for the jwkThumbprint?

(TODO: Add two examples of the apv values, one for `direct_post.jwt` and another for `dc_api.jwt`).

> The fields must be concatonated in the order specified here before being hashed, and base64url encoded. To validate the `apv` the Verifier MUST construct the same value and compare it to the `apv` included in the protected headed. If the `apv` value fails validation the Verifier MUST stop processing and discard the response. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The fields MUST be concatenated in the order specified here before being hashed, and base64url encoded. To validate the `apv` the Verifier MUST construct the same value and compare it to the `apv` included in the protected header. If the `apv` value fails validation the Verifier MUST stop processing and discard the response. 
```
